README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Feature/image upload (#24)
* login menu

* update product form almost done

* img upload done

* README added

* readme gif

README.md, after:

# Welcome to Project El Piloto Ciego Store

This project is the prototype of a rock band merchandise store. In this application, the user will be able to purchase the various products offered by the band. Additionally, the application has an administrator role that can create, read, update, and delete products from the store.

## Prerequisites 📋

For development, you will only need:

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
- [React](https://es.react.dev/)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)

### Screenshot of project

  <p {align="center"}>
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExdG52eWp1OW9waXlwZGZwaWcxN2g3MDFzNzZpcWN0N3NuZzFnZGw5dSZlcD12MV9pbnRlcm5hbF9naWZfYnlfaWQmY3Q9Zw/iOcoHKyPMGdDpge38R/giphy.gif" alt="Screenshot"/>
  </p>


## 🔧 Install 

    $ git clone git@github.com:danielhincapievargas/ElPilotoCiego-Store
    $ cd go-cab-now
    $ npm install
    
## 🛠️ Local development

    npm run dev
    Or you can use
    $ yarn dev

## Built with

- ReactJS + Next12
- Redux Toolkit
- Javascript
- SCSS


## 👥 Made by 🛠️

Daniel Hincape Vargas - (https://github.com/danielhincapievargas)
